Justin Kwan
1. Hours to complete the project: 30 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Percolation System & Union Find):
   	In the beginning, I did not understand what Union Find was. I had to 
   watch Swami’s explanation video multiple times.I also went to the SI hours 
   and Kyler explained Percolation in more depth and demonstrated pseudo code,
   so it was easier to understand. My peers also explained the purpose of the 
   sink, source, and encode. I understood eventually discovered the formula 
   that converted coordinates to numbers for encode.

   Problem 2 (BackWash):
	My second problem I encountered was backwash. I did not understand
   how I could fix this issue since I encountered backwash with everything
   I did. I learned from Kyler that in order to solve backwash we had to 
   construct another Union Find Object in order to solve this issue. Even
   though I knew that we had to construct another Union Find Object I still
   didn’t understand how this would solve the issue. It was when my peer 
   mentor for my FSC (Freshman Success Community) explained that this 
   second Union Find was supposed to be a copy of the first, but the second
   Union Find will not have a sink.
   
   Problem 3 (Percolation Stats):
	After reading the checklist and the PDF I was a bit confused with 
   percolation stats since I did not know how to approach it. I was when 
   my peer mentor guided through it was when I fully understand how to do
   it. The equation looked really complicated, but I broke it down into 
   steps so it was easier to understand.
   
   Problem 4 (Percolation Stats returns 0’s):
	My last problem was that when I would run Percolation Stats I would
   get 0’s as my results after I modified Percolation. I knew that it was 
   not my Stat’s class since I had checked everything before and it worked.
   I solved this issue by undoing every issue one by one until I found the 
   source of the problem. I was relieved when I did found the error.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Kyler          - SI Instructor -  He explained in pseudo code 
		                   how to do Percolation and hinted
                                  that I needed two Union Find Objects

   Ira           - FSC Mentor-    She clarified any details that I was 
	  			    not sure of. She also helped me understand
                                  BackWash problem.

   Darian        - Peer-          He helped me with understanding encode and
				    the purpose of the sink and the source.
   


4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   I learned a lot from the project. I learned much about how to use Union Find
   and find real uses for using Union Find.
